org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ReportEngines/ReportEngineNames/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:ReportEngineName['Pentaho Reporting Flow Engine']/ServiceName=com.sun.star.report.pentaho.SOReportJobFactory
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/FirstName=First Name
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['University']/AssignedFieldName=School
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['PublicationType']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Howpublished
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['University']/ProgrammaticFieldName=School
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/CurrentDataSource/DataSourceName=Bibliography
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined2']/AssignedFieldName=Custom2
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeAddress=Home Address
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/FirstName=given_name
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Editor']/AssignedFieldName=Editor
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/BeamerHeight=Any[Type[void], null]
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/JobTitle=title
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Journal']/AssignedFieldName=Journal
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/RegisteredNames/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DatabaseDocumentRegistration['org.openoffice.Bibliography']/Name=Bibliography
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Type']/AssignedFieldName=Type
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['PublicationType']/AssignedFieldName=Howpublish
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined4']/AssignedFieldName=Custom4
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.ODBCDriver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.ODBCDriver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined3']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Custom3
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Chapter']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Chapter
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/CellularNumber=mobile_phone
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/BirthDay=Birth Day
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkAddress=Business Address
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['ShortName']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Identifier
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Booktitle']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Booktitle
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.JDBCDriver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.JDBCDriver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/PagerNumber=Pager
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkCity=Business Address City
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ReportEngines/ReportEngineNames/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:ReportEngineName['Pentaho Reporting Flow Engine']/UIName=Pentaho Reporting Flow Engine
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkAddress2=Business Address2
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/Company=Company
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeZipCode=Home Address PostCode
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/PrimaryEmail=E-mail
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Volume']/AssignedFieldName=Volume
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WebPage2=Web Page (Home)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WebPage1=Web Page (Work)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Type']/ProgrammaticFieldName=BibliographyType
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['URL']/AssignedFieldName=URL
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['org.openoffice.comp.drivers.MySQL.Driver']/DriverName=org.openoffice.comp.drivers.MySQL.Driver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeAddress2=Address 2
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Organization']/AssignedFieldName=Organizat
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkCity=City (Work)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/SecondEmail=email_2
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/NickName=nickname
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Chapter']/AssignedFieldName=Chapter
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['ISBN']/ProgrammaticFieldName=ISBN
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/Notes=Comments
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/QueryText=
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/JobTitle=Job Title
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/BirthDay=Birth Day
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeCity=Home Address City
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkAddress=Work Address
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Publisher']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Publisher
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/PreferMailFormat=Mail Format
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/AddressBook/DataSourceName=
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/CurrentDataSource/Command=biblio
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/AddressBook/Command=
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Annotation']/AssignedFieldName=Annote
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.ado.ODriver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.ado.ODriver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkPhone=business_phone
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Year']/AssignedFieldName=Year
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/CellularNumber=Mobile
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Author']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Author
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkAddress2=Work Address 2
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkCountry=Business Address Country
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeState=Home Address State
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/LastName=family_name
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined3']/AssignedFieldName=Custom3
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/FaxNumber=business_fax
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined1']/AssignedFieldName=Custom1
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Month']/AssignedFieldName=Month
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeAddress=Address 1
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/EvolutionPreferences/FullPathExportingCommand=file:///usr/share/evolution/*/evolution-addressbook-export
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Institution']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Institution
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkZipCode=Business Address PostCode
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Booktitle']/AssignedFieldName=Booktitle
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Editor']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Editor
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/ViewHeight=Any[Type[void], null]
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined5']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Custom5
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverManager/DriverPrecedence=[Ljava.lang.String;@1833955
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Year']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Year
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/Department=Department
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/Custom3=Custom 3
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/Custom4=Custom 4
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/Custom1=Custom 1
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/Custom2=Custom 2
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkState=Business Address State
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Number']/AssignedFieldName=Number
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/PrimaryEmail=email
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Institution']/AssignedFieldName=Institutn
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Number']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Number
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Title']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Title
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['URL']/ProgrammaticFieldName=URL
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkState=State (Work)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomePhone=home_phone
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined2']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Custom2
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Series']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Series
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Month']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Month
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Author']/AssignedFieldName=Author
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Note']/AssignedFieldName=Note
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Address']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Address
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/Notes=note
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Address']/AssignedFieldName=Address
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined5']/AssignedFieldName=Custom5
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/DisplayName=Display Name
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Page']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Pages
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/Company=org
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeCountry=Country
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Page']/AssignedFieldName=Pages
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkPhone=Phone (Work)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['ISBN']/AssignedFieldName=ISBN
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/PagerNumber=pager
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/SecondEmail=E-mail (2)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.dbase.ODriver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.dbase.ODriver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/EmbeddedDatabases/DefaultEmbeddedDatabase=Any[Type[void], null]
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/MozillaPreferences/PabDescription=Personal Address book
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/RegisteredNames/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DatabaseDocumentRegistration['org.openoffice.Bibliography']/Location=$(userurl)/database/biblio.odb
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined1']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Custom1
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Note']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Note
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/FormSearchOptions/SearchType=text
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkZipCode=Zip/Postal (Work)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/FormSearchOptions/SearchPosition=anywhere-in-field
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeCountry=Home Address Country
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/QueryField=
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/AddressBook/CommandType=Any[Type[void], null]
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/DisplayName=full_name
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/BirthYear=Birth Year
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/DataSourceName=Bibliography
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/WorkCountry=Country (Work)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['ShortName']/AssignedFieldName=Identifier
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Organization']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Organizations
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.calc.ODriver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.calc.ODriver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/FaxNumber=Fax
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/PreferMailFormat=wants_html
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/BirthMonth=Birth Month
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Edition']/AssignedFieldName=Edition
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Annotation']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Annote
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Command=biblio
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/NickName=Nickname
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/Department=office
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/MozillaPreferences/HisDescription=Collected Addresses
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Report']/ProgrammaticFieldName=ReportType
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WebPage1=url
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/WebPage2=caluri
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeState=State
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.kab.Driver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.kab.Driver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Title']/AssignedFieldName=Title
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['UserDefined4']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Custom4
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/FormSearchOptions/SearchHistory=Any[Type[void], null]
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/BirthYear=Birth Year
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Publisher']/AssignedFieldName=Publisher
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/MozillaPreferences/ProfileName=
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Series']/AssignedFieldName=Series
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Journal']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Journal
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ConnectionPool/DriverSettings/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DriverPooling['com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.flat.ODriver']/DriverName=com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.flat.ODriver
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Volume']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Volume
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Edition']/ProgrammaticFieldName=Edition
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/LastName=Last Name
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.evoab.OEvoabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeAddress2=Home Address2
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/ReportEngines/DefaultReportEngine=Pentaho Reporting Flow Engine
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeZipCode=ZIP/Postal (Home)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/Bibliography/DataSourceHistory/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:DataSource['Default']/Fields/org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess:FieldAssignment['Report']/AssignedFieldName=RepType
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomePhone=Phone (Home)
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/HomeCity=City
org.openoffice.Office.DataAccess/DriverSettings/com.sun.star.comp.sdbc.MozabDriver/ColumnAliases/BirthMonth=Birth Month
